this is the voice of Jazmin Gaines and
shall get my bitter expedite touch back
in the house under this is Nick's
alliance attributes are a clear and
ever-ever
of English we have the moral high ground
that is what I want you to know okay I
want to be very clear with all of you it
doesn't matter how many times I called
Richard the n-word on camera it doesn't
matter that Richard supported white
supremacists on their channel even
though those white supremacists not only
wanted to kick all of the black people
out of the United States in Canada but
specifically said they would kick out
Richard it doesn't matter how many times
Richard had knives on camera guns on
camera how many times you directly made
threats of violence to people we have
the moral high ground and you know why
because it's art Richard is an artist
if Richard films himself going to Costco
that is art and if you can't appreciate
it you should even be on internet you
don't understand the internet is not a
place where two different people can
have two different opinions and discuss
it okay no no no no no no the Internet
is a place where Richard is a great
artist whose stockpiles guns and
ammunition and swords and you know those
those knives that are like little flip
knives and other stabbing implements in
his apartment and makes threats and no
people he talks about is my own
fantasies about wanting to kill people
babies children whatever does matter
doesn't hurt hurt okay and if someone
suggest to him that his time could be
better spent
reading a book instead of playing video
games for three hours at a time
that person is bad and evil and wrong
and deserves all the insults and
harassment and threats of violence and
invitations to have you know some kind
of boxing match I don't know I don't
watch that stuff with Richard whenever
is in the other room watching MMA I just
I just close the door and try to try to
livestream try to think happy thoughts
while I'm simulating myself shooting
people in the head and eating Iraq and
Afghanistan
okay art art we have the moral high
ground do you remember that time when
one of the most successful YouTube
channels that is great a under a made a
very mild and very funny criticism of
Richard that was also completely true
and Richard responded but uploading the
video that was so vile so violent so
vulgar and so inappropriate that it was
almost immediately banned from YouTube
do you remember that well forget it
because we have the moral high ground
and it doesn't matter how wrong we are
even is a memory now sign up toward
patreon and give me your money because
the more okay